I am really a male umbrella,
How could it be?
street. This little wind pricks me,
Please vent my anger on you for not being admitted to the hospital.
No, I’ll prove it to you,
Let me pierce it, look at you,
Look at you, it seems that you and I are hiding together, I see that you didn’t go in today,
There is this, and there is another,
OK, come to the street and leave it to me,
Give me, give me, give me, give me,
Give me, give me, give me, give me, give me,
Give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me,
Give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me , give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give Me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me,
There are also waves of energy in this world
I am Xiaoshu
People's rhythm is already married
Just don't think about it, I'll take a look
You and that Wanjia Qi?
This is not a coincidence, but it is extremely unfortunate.
Don't mention him to me
He's just like a little jumper
Use me to catch him to death
What's the status of people's rhythm? Okay.
Are you saying you have to do something wrong?
I have to get married.
sorry
We definitely failed today